# storemanagmentsystem
Created by: Aaron Stein, Jacob Oddi, Tony Kim, Vanessa Viglucci 

We have created a mock online shopping experience. The growth of small businesses in the United States has highlighted a demand for better low-tech, flexible, all-in-one store management solutions for individual store owners and small business owners. Our product will allow the merchant to list his or her items, and for potential customers to view and buy them. Owners can manage employees, inventory, view past transactions, change the store name, and much more. Customers can add items to their cart, and purchase them. Stores will not be limited to any one genre of item. Merchants can list any variety of items they’d like, removing the need for specialized online marketplaces for different categories of items. 

User guide: 
Merchant-facing: When first opening the program, a merchant should select the “Continue as Merchant” button. This will take them to a login page, where they should enter their username and password. Upon successful login, the merchant will have access to the merchant management console, which has a number of options for managing one’s online storefront. If the merchant wants to manage her store’s inventory, she should go to the “Inventory Manager,” which displays all stocked items and allows the merchant to add or remove items from her online “shelves.” Returning to the management console, the merchant can go to the “Ledger” to view all transactions between the store and past customers recorded on a ledger. The management console also has menu options to manage employees, called “Employee Manager.” This displays full- and part-time employees, and along with all relevant information, and allows her to add or remove employees. Finally, the merchant can view all past customers who have transacted with her store via the “Customers” menu in the management dashboard.

Customer-facing: 
When first opening the program, a customer should select the “Continue as Customer” button. This will take them to a page that displays all items stocked by the merchant, along with the option to add them to his or her cart. When the customer has added items to their cart, they can then press the “View Cart” button, which will take them to their cart. The cart menu displays all current items in the customer’s cart, along with the subtotal for all the items. Finally, the customer can press “Checkout” to proceed to 
